cloud: add the instance creation doc for Premium (#21905)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing.md

## Pricing

**Pricing for TiDB Cloud Dedicated**

See [TiDB Cloud Dedicated Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-dedicated-pricing-details/).

**Pricing for {{{ .starter }}}**

See [{{{ .starter }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-starter-pricing-details/).

> **Pricing for {{{ .essential }}}**

Reviewer: The documentation no longer links to this section — all content related to Essential Pricing now directly links to https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-essential-pricing-details/.

It’s recommended that the console also link directly to https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-essential-pricing-details/. If the console links to the docs page, and the docs page then redirects users to that URL again, it would create a poor user experience.

For {{{ .essential }}}, you are charged based on the number of provisioned Request Capacity Units (RCUs), **not** on the actual usage by your application. See [{{{ .essential }}} Pricing Details](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-essential-pricing-details/).

<CustomContent plan="premium">
### Pricing for Premium

> For TiDB Cloud Premium, you are billed based on the number of provisioned Request Capacity Units (RCUs) and the storage you actually use, rather than the underlying backend nodes or provisioned disk size. As Premium is still in Private Preview , you can [contact our sales](https://www.pingcap.com/contact-us/) for pricing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For TiDB Cloud Premium, you are billed based on the number of provisioned Request Capacity Units (RCUs) and the storage you actually use, rather than the underlying backend nodes or provisioned disk size. As Premium is currently in private preview, you can [contact our sales](https://www.pingcap.com/contact-us/) for pricing details.
```
